Now of course when storing an order it would also be nice if we see a little spinner here.
When we clicked the order now button until this is done we can implement this as well we just need to
go to the card screen which is where we dispatched his action to send an order.
Here we dispatch and now dispatch here of course returns a promise in the end.
Right because removed from card which is the case when we click this button and order and order will
return a promise in the end thanks to our change so dispatch will therefore return a promise.
So it's here where we can control our loading state.
Now to make that a bit more readable I'll move it out of this anonymous function here and actually create
a new function stored in our constant here in my component.
But outside of the j as x3 and all named is send order handler or anything like that.
That's the same function I used before.
Now will just mind this to descend order handler and now the idea is simple here add order will return
a promise as I said dispatch therefore returns a promise so we can add async here so that we can again
use a single weight and manage the loading and possibly also the error state as we did before.
So we just need to import use state from react and of course stay up for initialize our state again.
So here we have is loading and set is loading and initially that's false and if you want which I'll
not do here.
But if you want You can also add error handling in the same way we did it before with used state error.
Maybe use a fact to then show an alert and so on.
I'll focus on the loading part.
So now you're in send order handler.
I'll call set is loading and set this to true.
Then we await this dispatching so well we wait till this promise is finished.
And again this just invisibly wraps the parts thereafter into then block because they're after I will
set loading back to FALSE.
We're not loading anymore and now we can use that to show an activity indicator.
So let's import activity indicator from React Native here and what I want to do is here instead of the
order now button I want to show that indicator.
Whilst I am loading so here I can check if is loading is true if it is the case I'll show my activity
indicator with a size of let's say small and a color of colors which you need to make sure that's imported.
Primary and that self closing and otherwise of not loading.
Well then I will show this button of course.
So here I want to render this button in the else case and now let's give this a try.
Let's save that.
Add this to the card maybe twice click order now.
We saw the spinner for a fraction of a second here and now if we have a look at orders here's our order.
Now let's make sure that the orders also load when we visit the screen.